welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the skin i live in
plastic surgeon robert leadguard was
successful in cultivating an artificial
skin resistant to burns and insect bites
which he calls gal that he says he has
been testing on athymic mice
he presents his results in a medical
symposium but when he privately
discloses he has also conducted illegal
transgenic experiments on
humans he is forbidden to continue with
his research
on his secluded estate leadguard is
keeping a young woman named vera captive
with the help of one of his servants
morelia
due to the suspension of his official
experiments
robert asks morilla to dismiss the other
servants
while robert is out moreillia's
estranged son zecha
having committed a robbery arrives in a
tiger costume and asks his mother to
hide him for a few days
he sees vera on leadguard's security
camera screens and demands to see her in
person
when marilia refuses to let him stay
after she invites him in
he binds and gags her and then rapes
vera
robert arrives and kills zekka
while robert disposes of zekka's body
morelia tells vera that she marillia
is the mother of both zekka and robert
by different men
a fact she has not shared with them
robert was adopted by morelia's
employers but was ultimately raised by
her
seca later left to live in the streets
and smuggled drugs
while robert went to medical school and
married a woman named gal
when zekka came back years later he and
gal ran off together
they were involved in a terrible car
crash in which gal was badly burnt
zekka had left the scene assuming her to
be dead while
robert had taken her from the car in the
present
zecha had mistaken vera for gal
something she did not deny
thereafter she lived in total darkness
without any mirrors
one day while hearing her daughter norma
singing in the garden
gal accidentally saw her own reflection
in the window
traumatized by the sight she jumped to
her death
in the present robert returns and spends
the night with fira
during the night he dreams of his past
specifically the night of a wedding
six years earlier where he finds norma
his daughter unconscious on the ground
norma who had been taking medication for
psychosis
having been rendered mentally unstable
due to witnessing her mother's suicide
comes to believe that robert had raped
her upon awakening with him above her
she subsequently develops a fear of all
men and spends eight years in a mental
health facility
she eventually kills herself in the same
manner that her mother did
fira 2 dreams about the same event
vicente a young man who works in his
mother's dress shop
crashes the wedding and meets norma like
others at the party
he is under the influence of drugs
he walks with norma into the garden
she lists the psychiatric medications
she has taken
norma begins to take off some of her
clothes stating she would be naked all
the time if she could
vicente kisses her and compliments her
while they are lying down with vicente
on top of her
she suddenly starts to have a frantic
reaction to the music
playing the same song she was singing
when her mother committed suicide and
starts screaming
vincent attempts to hush her screams
leading to her biting his hand
he slaps her knocking her unconscious
whether or not vicente subsequently
rapes norma as left ambiguous
after finishing he then puts her clothes
back in place and flees the scene
looking around nervously for potential
witnesses
just before robert arrives not noticing
him notice him leaving on his motorbike
robert tracks down vicente and has him
knocked off his motorbike
kidnaps him and holds him in captivity
his mother's search for him remains
unsolved
meanwhile robert subjects him to a
vaginoplasty and later instructs him how
to slowly stretch his new vagina
over a period of six years robert
physically transforms vicente into a
replica of his late wife
and renames him vera during this period
of time
vicente struggles to keep himself sane
and cling to the core of his true
identity
after an absence of four years marilia
returns to work in robert's house to
look after vera ficente
vera reveals to marilia that he has been
held captive for the last
six years back in the present
robert's new relationship with vera
dismays morelia
who does not trust vera fulgencio
one of robert's colleagues reads a news
story about the missing vicente
and recognizes him as one of their sex
change patients
he accuses robert of falsifying
vicente's consent and of experimenting
on him
vera vicente suddenly stands there and
supports robert
asserting his willing participation and
states that he
had always been a woman during the night
robert and vera start having sex but
vera tells him that it is still
painful after zekka's rape ostensibly
going downstairs to find lubricant
she retrieves robert's gun and kills
robert
morelia alerted by the sound of the shot
goes in with her own pistol in hand and
finds her son robert dead on the bed
she then too gets shot by vera who was
hiding under the bed
and says with her dying breath i knew it
freed from captivity and the need to
play along with robert swims
vicente returns to his mother's dress
shop for the first time since being
kidnapped
tearfully tells his lesbian ex-colleague
christina
whom vicente had loved six years prior
of his kidnapping
forced sex change and the murders
then as his mother enters the room
vicente quietly reveals his identity to
them in the final line of the film
i am vicente thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos